#labels Phase-Implementation
#This page describe how you can import fsnet in your IDE

= Introduction =

As you can see in the source repository there is no specific IDE files in. The main idea is to let each developer choose his preferred Integrated Development Environment.

= Using Eclipse 3.5 (Galileo) JEE edition  =

== Install some plugins for eclipse ==

  * [http://subclipse.tigris.org/servlets/ProjectProcess?pageID=p4wYuA Subclipse]
  * [http://m2eclipse.sonatype.org/installing-m2eclipse.html m2eclipse]
    WARNING : Currently, m2eclipse project is divided in two different update sites ! You MUST install each one.
    * From m2eclipse core update site : 
      * Maven integration for eclipse
    * From m2eclipse extras update site :
      * Maven integration for WTP
      * Maven handler for Subclipse
      * Maven SCM integration 
      * Project configurators for commonly used maven plugins

== Check out sources ==

  * Perform a right click in the project explorer view
  * Choose Import -> maven -> Check out maven project from SCM
  * Choose "svn" for the select input.
  * Copy/paste in the text field this url : https://fsnet.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/
    Note : if you're not a team member you can checkout using http instead of https
  * Click on finish and wait for a while (maven is downloading all the dependencies for you :-))

== Install tomcat in Eclipse ==

  * First, be sure that you are under the Java EE perspective
  * Locate the "Servers" view
  * Perform a right click on it
  * Select new -> server
  * in the server list choose : Apache -> Tomcat v6.0 Server
  * Click on next
  * Fill the tomcat installation directory
  * Click on finish

Now you should be ready to develop on fsnet.

= Using Netbeans 6.x =
Download the latest version of Netbeans Java on http://www.netbeans.org
While installing, check Tomcat in the server list. 

Launch Netbeans, select Team -> Subversion -> Checkout in the menu.
Enter the following URL : https://fsnet.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ and click next and finish. 

Netbeans asks you if you want to open checked out projects, click yes, select the parent project and check the Open required box then click Finish.
In the project view, right click on the parent project named "Firm Social Network" and select _Clean and Build_.

That's all folks ! Now you can follow the tutorial on http://code.google.com/p/fsnet/wiki/HowToInstall